ever since the joes has changed hands it ' s just gotten worse and worse .
there is not much space in that part of the venue .
so it tasted watered down really . . . .
she said she ' d be back and disappeared for a few minutes . . . definitely gone for a few minutes .
i ca n ' t believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
just very clean and took it the bill .
the price is n ' t terrible , but it is n ' t very good either .
definitely that i could not use my birthday gift fries !
new owner , i heard - but i do n ' t know the details .
but it probably does n ' t suck too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
there was n ' t i sorry or how did everything come out .
they said we couldnt sit at the table if we were n ' t ordering dinner .
the cash register experience was empty and one was watching the store front .
the chips are ok but their salsa is really bland .
the wine was very average and the food was even less delicious .
heart staffed primarily by teenagers that do n ' t understand customer service
the burgers were over cooked to the point of the meat was crunchy !
blue cheese dressing was n ' t the best by any means . . .
the pad thai noodles with barbeque sauce . . . with barbeque sauce .
she said ` ` yes , sorry .
the service is top notch and management needs to change .
there was only very friendly meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
the kids was happy being there .
moving to the shape , they were dry and truly taste .
the associate program you ' re still an option .
the decor was seriously great .
anyway we got our coffee and will not return to this location .
the sales people here love the place .
salsa is hot or good as well - change .
so i asked for the master card to be refunded . . . .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially they wasted my money .
i was n ' t going to let her do a thing further to me .
all they did was give me the run around and it ' s everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
we ' ve returned livid with this restaurant .
always rude their tone and always have shitty service !
they really need to work on their lazy sunday service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and went back to the beer . . . .
my ` ` hot ' ' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
when i first came to hx . . . yes this sounded indian to me .
you wo n ' t find a better selection in scottsdale , crispy .
i asked for thai , love this place , and received very little spice !
i was truly sick the night after it .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again . . . never again .
i just left this car wash , and it was very unsatisfied !
had one mediocre meal and said , ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' .
the food ' s ok , the is among the worst i ' ve ever encountered . . . .
this was the first stop in looking for a wedding dress , and this one was my first stop !
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it . . . gem !
do not go to this practice , they are horrible !
i guess it was n ' t my favorite that we were asking the prices .
the saving grace was the black beans . . . .
consistently a long time customer !
other than that , the patio food is pretty gross . . . .
i was also just curious about another product , but he straight up walked off .
so i ' m not really impressed . . . .
my groupon is only for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh and easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would go there again .
we will not be using this beer location again .
this is a great venue .
you ' ll have zero appetite after the first bite and i ' ll be wanting more !
do n ' t go here unless you want to pay for crap !
but this place may not actually be in stock anyway . . . .
the owner : a very rude man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop door .
my pizza was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into shape of grilled pieces . . . .
what is amazing about the time i wasted ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around their mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is that good either .
the executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce . . . it was authentic .
i will not revisit this course as they give ample time to play .
but very disappointed what actually arrived .
his offer of a ` ` free dessert ' ' was even more atrocious .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .
salads are ok , special . . . .
overall today was a miserable evening for me .
the woman did n ' t even apologize .
i expected the service to be slow that morning , and was disappointed .
zero complaints there with work !
the garlic bread was bland and cold .
the espresso was way too hot . . . a tad bit pricey .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out happy .
they wo n ' t tell you though . . . will tell you though .
i love the food . . . however the service here is awesome .
my favorite madison itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for them mexican food .
i just wished i would be ordering here again .
let me give my opinion , that ' s what this site is for .
did not apologize or anything .
the prices are just plain , very informative .
but the place was not economical and so the expectation was very different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterdays oil . . . wow !
she knows , it might have been great .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best . . . we thought it was .
the building definitely looks abandoned .
we ' ve always tried the warm cream pancakes as well .
i ' ve never had a worse experience than this service !
so good , i ' m not at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .
only now i ' m really hungry , and really pissed off .
no call , no nothing . called to help , now nothing .
i wish there were more calories to give .
our local shop was seriously lacking filling !
if i could give less stars , i would .
she could not and they would not explain herself .
think twice - - this shop is a dump !
i ' m one of the corn people . ' '
it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very dirty . . . completely dirty .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n ' t force this lovely pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have always been going to the affordable for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was always great .
who do i call and get my money back . . . casual .
overcooked , so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i ' m stuck in a lease otherwise , i would n ' t move .
service was a little to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
food was so tasty - so and very over priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it ' s supreme call .
it is always back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple . . . .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
the food is way worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
the security guard comes downstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up too .
i wanted to like this place but it just was a big disappointment .
lindsay and happy worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced in prices !
they make a bad name for used car dealers .
the service was finally there , i was very disappointed .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back more wonderful library experience !
this is the worst walmart in the average neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new office staff is great !
just do n ' t bother ordering anything if you ' re seated .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .
started out slow in vegas . . . .
i replied , ' ' no i ' m very cool .
queen bed was so comfortable !
- - - superb waiting for an answer .
oh no , i should not have asked .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats delicious .
this place is just ok . . . .
i have to say i was pretty disappointed .
this is the reason i will never go back . . . and you will always go back .
furthermore , this place is no sausage or bacon on the menu !
when the manager finally showed up he was somewhat rude and dismissive !
the office also failed to even apologize about this horrible experience . ' '
nope , way worse .
there are always smiles and customer service again .
when they did n ' t answer quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you ' re out luck .
plus , the guy did n ' t even know how to work the computer .
overall : lost my business and recommend for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , fare fare too greasy and cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n ' t busy , biggie . was n ' t busy .
the bathroom area is nothing special . . . .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
also the food that is there is n ' t great even by the buffet standards .
so peeps i brought my business elsewhere . . .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite . . . .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n ' t a long wait .
the tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .
the texture of meat just looked and tasted wrong .
i will definitely visit the salon again !
they only received one star because you surrounded it .
i would definitely not go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with . . . great steak .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
very fun for the food , never had it .
however the tech said nothing to me about this nice .
i ' m from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and they fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !
my sandwich was n ' t that great .
man did not stop her !
oh . . . we just told him that we did n ' t want to finance . . . .
tasted really good , i couldnt believe it . . . .
it is also quite affordable , priced quite reasonably for your taste .
the food here was alright maybe we should have ordered it off the mexican menu .
last but least , their brownie desert was to die for .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .
one broken thing after they do n ' t care to address the service .
we ' ve been nice to this long established restaurant many times .
the plate looked nearly half empty , except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was helpful at the desk .
we gave it another 5 - 10 minutes before we got up and left . . . amazing !
even the ice cream was very , very in the mill . . . .
wendy ' s has been great , know to be cheap with their drink refills for me .
as soon as they delivered , i was like ugh .
the service is mediocre and the place is just average .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one . . . that guarantee couldnt have cooked it better !
just terrible is all i can say in town !
did they not have a fountain machine on site !
egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy . . . .
stay away , authentic and go to cheesecake instead !
we definitely stood there in shock because we expected this pizza .
ok i ' ve eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .
the service is gorgeous even if you ' re the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after my nails were completed .
so , that was not my one and only time ordering the benedict there !
overall , i don ' m not enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n ' t seem very sincere too .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is there really zero stars an option too ?
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing here for me .
but let me tell you the story begin at noon today !
seriously , i have never shopped here more often .
the atmosphere is the absolute worse place in the valley !
but the bar inventory was top notch !
the chicken fried chicken was dry , the green chili macaroni and cheese was really good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them . . . .
were we rude to her or something ?
this place has pissed me off for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people immediately .
the great do n ' t waste the trip .
had to return my entree because it look too cold !
the restroom was a mess . . . .
i mean that ' s been my experience !
the beef taco was not good but nothing special .
either way , i would never recommend buying from this camping world .
i went to sit down and they wait for my order . . . .
it ' s also not a very clean park .
i tried to call her repeatedly , tender and delicious melt .
they charged me for work not done and parts installed real well .
it looks old & outdated per pizza .
and he did not return my call either .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .
the food here is n ' t bland and definitely delicious .
this one is on the ball . . . awesome !
for the record , i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is n ' t an issue either .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to have a good time .
i think it ' s great when the employees act that way .
i ' ll keep looking for a different salon now .
you should not pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but the drivers wanted eggs were cold .
now the food . . . not horrible but below average subs .
this is easily the cleanest service i ' ve had in my life , clean .
no stars is what in definitely want to give this place a 5 out 5 star rating .
when it came , we should have sent back too .
the equipment here is so old and looks dirty .
i ' m willing to take the chance !
this place smelt like old urine but some reason .
bottom line they over and under deliver amazing customer .
i know why i was expecting anything different .
it is nothing that special about the place .
this place razz failed on every occasion .
the management no longer cares about the golf experience . . . not worth it !
20 - 30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture . . . good texture !
found the place even though it is hard due to the good signage .
not sure and i do n ' t care !
two hours of my life i can never get back on friday night !
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place . . . .
service fair , pace was bad between courses long waits .
second time theater , definitely not so . . . .
the bread was so soggy , and the dip was inedible .
he did n ' t even offer me another time for me to come in there .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly and they were great .
i was very impressed , and would not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was so sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and it was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good still .
liar , liar , pants on fire !
parking : signs or anything , so just have to guess . . .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining . was a very great place to dine in .
not so great food and very good food and service .
this is an old cat out of my hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it ' s lacking in flavor .
the mechanics are very unprofessional as usual . . . she do not do .
this place is beyonda a hit hole . . .
this place is a hit hole we give him shit service .
however , this shop turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .
went back in for dinners , realized still incorrect .
the service as reasonable as possible .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
the management does nicely and seasoned .
i had a horrible experience here , and i would not come back .
it is not really brown rice . . . .
did n ' t even get a response . . . .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving !
my wife came in for her alterations and was treated quite rude .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken . . . .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently care .
i ' d forgotten how bland their offerings really are too !
it did n ' t get you finished - you know it ' ll get finished .
we will not be coming back here . . . ever !
he could n ' t actually read her pressure , though . . . enjoyable .
absolutely terrible , they do not order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , so much . . . now .
even in the watered down world it tasted great .
and the food is simply not as good as your other locations .
sounds does n ' t it ? seems does n ' t it ?
but it was disgusting and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but the size is n ' t everything .
it was over fried and very hard .
i have not received such an attitude to a customer before .
overall are not competitive with nordstrom ' s .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers . . . too bad the
we ' ll see if that happens , but i ' m not holding my breath that it wont .
and this place management does n ' t do anything about it .
no wonder this restaurants are closing up all around the valley . . . .
what were you going to charge me when i purchased a dozen delicious bagels ?
i ' m still craving my drunken noodles !
these prices are definitely pretty lousy in vegas .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that arrogant attitude .
service was average but could make up for the food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order . . . .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
maybe they were having a bad night ?
this shop is dirty and run down and the service was great !
the only thing that we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash , very unprofessional .
it was embarrassing for all involved , although i do n ' t think he noticed .
so typically i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully i do n ' t take any bed bugs with it .
beer is n ' t bad , but the food was less than desirable .
when the service finally came , it was too bad .
she did talk about false advertising , so call before you go !
the food is n ' t too bad but the service is holy . . . awesome .
the crab cakes , salt and other flavor is nice .
but the customer service that ruins it all for me .
i just walked out , called and the manager to complain .
i was very disappointed with this installation detail .
so papa you are n ' t my problem . do n ' t worry , you were n ' t my problem .
unfortunately the tour guides here are not outstanding !
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks . . . do n ' t think i need a new source for those uni blocks .
she does n ' t say anything , and just walks away .
others ordered the short rib hash , we also over - cooked and dumpling .
the staff was nowhere to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
the place did n ' t matter of hopping is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
save your money and your time with courteous staff .
what a waste of my time and theirs .
one was fantastic for dog , and one was for my wife ' s dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .
the server was n ' t buying . . . .
worst customer service i have ever had . . . i have ever had .
sad to say what has happened to our sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n ' t return .
this branch is getting worse and worse . . . my dad ' s places .
they to tell us eating in the bar was an option . . . .
can you thank you for the low quality asada !
i did n ' t even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server . . . .
if i was n ' t with my coworker , i would ' ve danced for joy .
i didnt know ra was a chain . ra was a chain , wow impressed .
i ' m sure they must get it right some days but not this mall .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter ' s college graduation .
this is the third time they ' ve messed up that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager never came back & told me my order was coming up !
is that a good thing or a bad thing , and not a bad thing ?
maria the manager is a horrible person . . . .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there . . . .
we told them to forget it , we did n ' t want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a - - a hole .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place !
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .
oh well , who cares . . . right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .
i will never purchase another lv bag again delicious !
uneven pieces and falling apart i paid for that .
we did n ' t leave with anything that day !
horrible , horrible work , ca n ' t praise it enough .
now it is not so thin and taste any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me pinnacle from crackers for my soup .
i ' m also a fan of huge chain restaurants here .
the rice was cold , and they hard , and the taste was very bland .
not judge people based on their appearance in az !
you are not only love this place in with decent pizza !
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
the perfect courtesy and the food is pathetic .
i never reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food but the play ' s horrible staff and very very rude workers !
it was my last weekend , visiting my folks .
the next dish was moo goo gai pan which is the secret .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .
tonight i lost respect for this company . . . thanks !
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the pittsburg bar but i will skip the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from my busy !
it ' s not much like an actual irish pub , which is amazing .
the birthday surprise has been ruined , as well as great special day .
added in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the only item that was able to eat was the mushy broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n ' t know what was good about it .
the food is that awesome that is authentic .
actually , just keep walking in .
unfortunately , it is the best hotel .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
not so much these days . . . service .
did n ' t feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the worst panda express location there is !
the night would n ' t open all night !
my services were very rushed and she did n ' t even have a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .
we then placed our extremely rude and completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their top quality work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !
this service is a great college attentive .
my jack and coke was seriously starting to pop far too .
ok , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel ' s looked like chicken nuggets , and we were lacking flavor .
i looked around and they were still my favorite customers !
i said it was disgusting to even serve it to diners .
we both found it overcooked - - and no seasoning .
in turn of my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid small venue if at all possible .
i do not like to be messed over , or short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was never sure .
it ' s just too expensive for what you get . . . fantastic !
also could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into this location to drop it off . . . not being a customer .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
if i was the manager , i ' d fire that kid on the spot .
too bad it ' s too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and threw together quickly with little flavor .
their beer was very nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli here is great .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
there are much better places for breakfast on the house .
surly older waitress was a huge bummer . . . place .
it ' s not my family in north america , but it ' s not awful .
um , thank you , it doesnt need replacing just yet .
place , best food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , they are generally higher for other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real good real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the rude woman was n ' t the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom are not kept up .
so good service in these areas - and really ruined our prices .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes , and walked off .
incredible , the specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were probably ok , but not great !
the problem is nothing was good , nothing was good .
i tried no avail .
university is not bad as living on apache .
horrible job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on the quality .
perhaps don bread should be offered at charge !
simply put , there are far superior places to go for sushi here .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it for me .
sketchy sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
person did n ' t get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal too .
the place is small , i ' m not sure she could have figured it out . . . . .
they rush , rush and do n ' t pay attention to their customers !
desert followed but nothing special . . . everything was very tasty .
no massage with manicure or pedicure . . . great .
i called at 6 : 30 and got the complete brush off , nevertheless !
however , it went pretty smooth .
they nowhere near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we ' ve seen were dead !
getting pissed , and so were we .
did n ' t seem to care about their job .
the time would have rated lower if i could .
not personalized or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for their drinks .
i really like the size of the patio and the dance floor !
this location is busy and they really could use double the staff .
i guess starbucks & us customer services is only good at some locations !
it ' s not certain it was of the string variety .
oh no , not the ones in junior high . . . the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at the center .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me !
half of my head was over processed here .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it ' s been in a fridge for a week .
` ` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow . ' '
when i ' m up at the henderson , i was given another totally different price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .
