it ' s small yet they make you feel like a stranger .
i will be going back , and enjoying this great looking place !
drinks were affordable and a good pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i ' d definitely recommend giving them a try . ' '
i highly recommend starbucks & m painting . . . .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !
instead , she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
the food , size , and tuna were both rather great .
everything is fresh and so delicious !
biscuits and gravy was bland .
i can wait to come back next year ' s !
they were so helpful , kind and reasonably priced .
god i love the service i love pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .
you ' ll see why once you get there she does n ' t like it once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with on sunday was very helpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls that makes for a good eating . is not that limited .
and every experience here has been a positive one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in space .
this golf club is , again , one of the best in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are very generous and the food is fantastically flavorful .
always fat , and always delicious .
these two women are not professionals watch him .
the most important thing , of course is the food .
we were both disappointed . . . no matter what .
what a disappointment .
but so simple , healthy and tasty .
she was spot on as were delicious .
i love this place , the service is always great !
perfect spot to shop for gift !
a great stop if you want nice things at scampi prices .
the room atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where money comes first and is treated right .
i also hate how they location right off of scottsdale road .
the pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i ' m so happy , and will definitely go back for my future services .
it seems pretty high compared to our every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job , for sure .
really ok , the beautiful texture . . . .
the ambiance has a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch specials are very good as well .
the checkout was clean , neat and professional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .
i will definitely return here , which i tried !
they have delicious soups here , everyday !
nice people , prompt service and clearly nothing expert .
the produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .
food here is gross .
first time i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making sushi and sashimi for years .
even in the summer , have decent patronage .
you will be helped by all their friendly advise and knowledge !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all we had a great time .
the service has always been frustrating .
thanks guys for making our special night an event remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .
they have always had the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !
also , the food is great today !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair looks great .
that is consistent and the staff is always friendly .
friendly and welcoming with a bad atmosphere and terrific food .
the chicken burrito i had was absolutely fantastic !
it is also fun to have us sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
best for mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
lunch special is a great value !
our experience with this business was n ' t positive .
the staff is awesome and this location is right in the heart of old town !
you should hope you have to sit outside to get the best from this place .
the food and plentiful will not be again .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !
we dropped our rental truck of not at this location two weeks ago .
this adds last little touch to what was already an jiffy lube place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .
the message therapy company is awesome also .
came here with my minimum , drinks . came without my family .
the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
escargot was delicious , and they seasoned perfectly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows happy service .
also , their single crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce !
i have gotten so many dresses , at a steal of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i ' ve ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather the stray chinatown stores !
we loved our day on the river and ca n ' t wait to go back !
if you ' re young and are into sports this is the place for you .
ok i thought their star design collection seemed reasonable .
i do n ' t like their fresh juices as well .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more . . . no brake , no brakes , nothing .
the work was very good to work today !
staff : wrong and friendly .
love the day ' s tea at the phoenician .
enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .
beautiful decoration , paid for and great service .
very pleased with coming here with quality of work .
one of my best places to go for a great steak .
this place is super yummy no frank !
they are spacious with very modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place . . . .
the people at sonora were n ' t very good to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at , great food .
was n ' t worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
great kebab dishes and good service if you get out of town .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and she was n ' t that good !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !
eggs are always fluffy the side of fruit always good .
the pricing is both affordable and reasonable .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable !
they made me feel like i was at home and their scallops were an extended family !
sometimes service ' s a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving this place an extra star for customer service .
it ' s a big bowl of sweet happiness .
one of the best chinese place to eat !
always good price of the river too .
food , a plate was a long way .
service was great and would gladly go back .
i love the pork tacos too .
but everyone friendly , knowledgeable .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent here way !
enjoyed the dream a lot . . . .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .
this is a rare gem and i am not excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !
everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been great tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
great staff and wonderful food was n ' t good .
love the mole sauce they are nice and not thick at all .
go here , you will love it and you wo n ' t like it .
i dont like the ribs more than the chicken .
the staff and the ride here were terrific and very important .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain , this place is great !
this place reminds me of home !
one of my worst spots in scottsdale too .
i will definitely never go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an international delight . . . no phone calls .
was just so cute and quaint !
i love the outside seating but the ac ' s reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
the atmosphere in north america is fun at the sugar bowl fun !
with that being said , i enjoyed the bf food .
great food , great dice !
food is always awful .
you ca n ' t come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .
all of the food that i had was excellent .
so far , great customer service .
so - so is a seriously cool guy ! . . !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour yesterday and it was severely fantastic .
that ' s a rare find in arby ' s business .
it ' s not our good solid food .
nice club good layout the joint was in good to above average shape .
we ' ll certainly be back !
my meatloaf ( bites if they have it ) is nothing special .
the food in vegas is also so good !
thank you and a code , i will be back !
i absolutely love their flavored coffee here .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .
food is good and from what i can tell it is rather authentic .
i would recommend this dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers ring to this mark ' s this christmas .
the worst deals in the store are n ' t on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .
they will bring all of my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts on the road for lunch .
came here to get breakfast , and that was the best decision yet .
have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
great selection of salads and pasta items on the deli .
overall really good quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice , and this native service sucked .
i got the tamale sampler , ordered not the tamale sample .
also window was super cool and helpful .
clean plate , perfect amount of food .
and again , not to question food is incredibly delicious !
but this view is definitely worth the wait .
mistake i ' m the most consistently pizza place in arizona .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .
great service but not that poor staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth classes .
i always have a great dish here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza store .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was great , as they continued to check on our table ) .
thank you ladies for being awesome , say gps !
awesome and fast service , these guys really dont know their stuff .
not a great museum to visit .
nice place for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month . . . at least once a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple . . . what it does offer is truly first - rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here too .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both my dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on tuesdays . aweful food , high prices and the tues
the place was busy but service was great !
tonight though i ordered it to go .
this place has some really good food , .
two gentle men up front are always so kind .
the salsa is great , the fish top , the drinks just watery .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great , people and trash !
the bread is definitely home made , and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .
a bit on the noisy side , but the fresh food makes up for it .
the ambiance , and setting were sub par .
the pizza was cooked to perfection and very fast !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very happy here .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .
i love the cornbread appetizer here .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious , but the service was okay .
the customer service in this location is great , but i recently got the fajitas .
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also a winner .
the service was wonderful to match the mediocre aspect !
the service is friendly and attentive .
great food and awesome type of service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well , not worth searching out this gem . . . again .
my husband and i did n ' t enjoy our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away and it is in great condition .
plus thats sparkling wine flights were delish !
pricy . . . but these cheese pies are delicious !
bbq salmon was pretty good . . . .
so the best part of thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even on steamed veggies they are not properly steamed .
this place is a must go if you ' re a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .
the mustard beef ribs are a must . . . .
i had the burger once and it was very flavorful !
i rate the experience as damaged and followed pieces .
always the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
meal was very satisfying and flavorful .
try anything on the menu , and you will be glad you came in !
the bartender made a great dirty martini !
mg carlsbad tavern is awesome !
other than that , it ' s not great !
best breakfast i ' ve had in recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinara good person .
it ' s basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .
the food is terrible and place sucked !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
so badly fish tacos were the best we had .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !
they are all really friendly and think overpriced .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
i love our italian and i eat here often .
the quality of our food there is fantastic .
the service was excellent and definitely not very nice and helpful .
best bar in town that ' s issue .
eventually , they do a good job .
dont russ was a well qualified tech !
when we get into town , this is the first place to come !
no thanks , lunch with you is always good .
they also are the best price in the area .
the green le chimis are fantastic , too cold .
no thanks for the perfect class repair . did not do a great job & repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night . . . never again .
no marinara sauce , so flavorful .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , actually excellent prices here .
portions now were great , now prices were unacceptable !
every time she enjoyed herself and there was nothing but praise from the entire group .
lacking asian food not to mention crap service .
thank you for a fabulous friday evening !
my daughter received not great care .
thorough , reasonably priced and answer the phone when called promptly .
she was very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the best part , not you .
it ' s a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak , and it was cooked perfectly !
that comes with the smaller treats though .
fun place to go drink beer .
it is very family oriented and loved that !
even the booths were great .
she did an amazing job on my color and maybe my cut !
the owner is very accommodating is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i ' m in town . wo n ' t go back next time i ' m in town .
he was both professional and courteous .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
if you ' re into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the great jewelry slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area , awesome .
love the vibe of the bowl for starters !
the staff are all super friendly , and bland on top of there jobs !
corn bread was not good !
food is very good and well priced .
loved that the rock climb was just inexcusable .
if not super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i ' ve ever had in a auto shop .
so not happy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos here .
very good place to find good vintage ice cream parlor .
sat at the bar , and ate underwhelming small plates .
her grounds are always very clean .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada dealership .
they go above and beyond !
i ' ve been here several times and every time has been great .
the good news that our vision had improved made the visit even better .
is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .
we recommend their imports & american auto service to everyone to know .
girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
nice people are here , but it is quiet and boring .
took home the most delicious white pizza ever since living here in az .
after eating here kings still has the best sauce .
service was almost non existent .
suzanne and her staff were excellent here !
all in all pretty good step in the right direction !
fast , friendly and honest service .
great food , great service catering can not be beat . . . seriously what a pho .
i had the best pork belly here ever . . . worst ever !
you can tell how fresh & unique the ingredients are .
i ' ll definitely never go back here again !
no coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the best , seafood joint in town .
keep up the crap deal , guys !
every time i eat mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender . . . .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
it ' s hot , perfectly cooked and delicious !
travel all around the world and know indian food well !
nice location for weekend of volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest dishonest sea food .
the owners and staff did not and delicious food !
they will even deliver to the worst customer service !
ron is still the greatest !
family owned and little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce , very good .
i just had probably one of the best restaurants experiences i ' ve ever had .
best green tamales ever !
everything you serve here is n ' t wonderful !
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
said no place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
and the employees always remember you and my dog , which is very nice .
we love to come as a family ' ' .
we also found my apartment , which is pretty hard to find .
traveler , knowledgeable , knowledgeable , and informative .
it ' s located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it ' s worth seeking out . . . anyone .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
great prices and my associates are all very customer friendly and helpful !
and i had sugar bowl my favorite , the top hat sundae !
great prices , great selection . . . regal ' s . . . .
very good food and service was n ' t good at all !
this is the best , best , auto repair store in the metro area .
great lunch specials and awesome service , but neither was the vegetarians .
and have enjoyed every last bite of my nails .
the food is always amazing , no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and very reasonably priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and very reasonable prices too .
the food is great here and very authentic .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers delicious take out cheese .
the whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
seriously and family / friends been going to them for years !
my client ' s added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd . . . .
we ' ll all of our clothes are returned in sparkling condition soon !
one of the best veal dishes i ' ve ever had , and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus platea must .
as far as pizza goes , this ranks with the best i ' ve ever eaten .
really good service and food by far .
the sandwiches were really tasty , but seriously not up .
always a fun , friendly atmosphere .
i ' m a regular drive - through customer at this location !
it was so delicious ; i ' ve never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again tonight !
and california burrito was also a great burrito .
the star woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
service was great , food delicious , and the impeccable .
loved the la menu , and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating here .
haha . . . it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit , smelly and annoying .
love this place and will not keep coming back here !
we were sat right there right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
will definitely go back with horrible friends .
their small calzone is just no gigantic !
the food is also consistant .
the margaritas with ice cream was also outstanding .
i highly recommend the benedict tuna .
service was so quick an impatient .
heck this pizza is not decent .
completely cooked perfection and flavorful .
the service was very friendly and accommodating .
sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
she only a great color that looks incredible with my skin , fairly .
a great place to watch sports options !
this little pizza , salad and pasta place in south chandler is great .
the art in the alley behind you is cool too !
but , a tucson native , this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
best parmesan i have ever had back here .
customer service was n ' t right there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w / people .
most delicious chinese food however pretty disappointing in regards to chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent , too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside and actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely dont recommend this place to others !
well , the food was great and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter ' s recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super good !
super good deals and that ' s very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and the best i ' ve ever had .
this place is n ' t edgy , and fun .
fantastic place to see a bacon show , as every seat is a great seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion on occasion .
very busy , but very good tilapia ' s !
best take out oreo sushi ever at sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
he does not care for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could not go ?
staff are very friendly and makes me sad .
so we all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i had to wait an hour to be helped right away !
if you sit in the bar you have the best bartender in town .
i would not highly recommend this shop .
the staff is extremely knowledgeable and informative .
to me it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked kind of dark !
dr . hall is so kind , and gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked great , ice cream .
bathroom size is perfect .
crispy mango fish was n ' t very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
the carne asada burrito , is awesome !
this is the perfect , delicious , appetizing sandwiches otherwise .
very nice selection of games to play , most of them .
the grilled artichokes were terrible and they were underwhelming .
adovada is n ' t hot but and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
very rude and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i love it : garbage and will not be back !
no got screwed at bar that made reservations at next door .
very friendly staff and super hard hard to find manager .
love my cut and foods and the name and sage is amazing !
wide spectrum of ages and our races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !
at no cost - no great service !
the steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
blue cornos with chicken was not cooked properly .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .
i will never return to the roaring fork !
it will stay here with you all day .
my hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .
good for a romantic dinner !
owner knows us and treats us very well !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible , without even mentioning !
i highly recommend the impact auto body .
great quality , great service because back there .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
i highly recommend this baker bakery !
love their food and their passion !
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , no angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so good at all times !
the size were the best and not worth it .
amazing food , great service .
not the best i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale , dress special is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeeze orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of his teresa m !
i was very pleased with their friendly staff .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
they are so fresh or so yummy here . . . we were disappointed .
the salads were fresh and crispy .
